Chengnan Pengku District project bidding meeting officially begins
The company's quotation is 15,16,16,150 million,11
Life experience group quotation twenty-one
Said that no one bid for the project, the price was 1.0 million
Mr. Ling is really sorry.
I, Zhang, am also trying my best on this project.
Replying to the president, is the one hundred thousand yuan a bit too much?
When we do business, we need to open Yuan Jie Liu
Save a little if you can.
Tianfang Group 2121 Ling Shiwan
2.2 billion
2.2 billion Ling 100,000
That is the level of this project
We will accompany you at home
And this secret of seeking
it's obviously that and hopefully our
As long as the news comes out from Gaodizhong
Don’t worry if Vipassana is low, it’s only two hundred at least.
2.5 billion